feat(elb): support updating charging mode in load balancer (#4709)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/elb_loadbalancer.md

* `enterprise_project_id` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) The enterprise project id of the loadbalancer. Changing this
  creates a new loadbalancer.

* `charging_mode` - (Optional, String) Specifies the charging mode of the ELB loadbalancer.
  Valid values are **prePaid** and **postPaid**, defaults to **postPaid**.

* `period_unit` - (Optional, String) Specifies the charging period unit of the ELB loadbalancer.
  Valid values are **month** and **year**. This parameter is mandatory if `charging_mode` is set to **prePaid**.

* `period` - (Optional, Int) Specifies the charging period of the ELB loadbalancer.
  If `period_unit` is set to **month**, the value ranges from 1 to 9.
  If `period_unit` is set to **year**, the value ranges from 1 to 3.
  This parameter is mandatory if `charging_mode` is set to **prePaid**.

* `auto_renew` - (Optional, String) Specifies whether auto renew is enabled. Valid values are **true** and **false**.

> -> **NOTE:** `period_unit`, `period` and `auto_renew` can only be updated when changing to **prePaid** billing mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **NOTE:** `period_unit`, `period` and `auto_renew` can only be updated when `charging_mode` changed to **prePaid** billing mode.
```
